fix(rbd): tuto errors (#3562)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/api-cli/import-data-to-managed-postgresql-databases.mdx

#### Prerequisites

> To complete this procedure, you must have installed PostgreSQL 15 (or older) with [pg_dump](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgdump.html) and [pg_restore](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgrestore.html) (bundled with the default PostgreSQL installation).

Reviewer: To complete this procedure, you must have installed PostgreSQL in a version compatible with your target Managed PostgreSQL, with [pg_dump](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgdump.html) and [pg_restore](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgrestore.html) (bundled with the default PostgreSQL installation).

Author: ```suggestion
To complete this procedure, you must have installed PostgreSQL in a version compatible with your target Managed PostgreSQL, with [pg_dump](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgdump.html) and [pg_restore](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgrestore.html) (bundled with the default PostgreSQL installation).
```

> - Installed [pg_Admin](https://www.pgadmin.org/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Installed [pgAdmin](https://www.pgadmin.org/).
```

> - Ensured your PGAdmin version is compatible with the PostgreSQL version of the database you will import your data into. Refer to the official [pgadmin documentation](https://www.pgadmin.org/docs/pgadmin4/7.8/release_notes.html) to check the compatibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ensured your pgAdmin version is compatible with the PostgreSQL version of the database you will import your data into. Refer to the official [pgAdmin documentation](https://www.pgadmin.org/docs/pgadmin4/7.8/release_notes.html) to check the compatibility.
```

    - **Password**

    <Message type="note">

>     You can find this information on the [overview page](https://console.scaleway.com/rdb/instances) of your database. The password is the [IAM secret key](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#api-key) corresponding to the [IAM user](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#user) or [IAM application](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#application) you are connecting with.

Reviewer: I forgot this one sorry

We also need to replace it with this: "You can find this information on the [overview page](https://console.scaleway.com/rdb/instances) of your database. These are the username and password that you defined upon Database Instance creation."

Author: ```suggestion
    You can find this information on the [overview page](https://console.scaleway.com/rdb/instances) of your database. These are the username and password that you defined upon Database Instance creation.
```

To complete the following procedure, you must have:

> - Installed PostgreSQL 15 (or older) with [pg_restore](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgrestore.html) (bundled with the default PostgreSQL installation).

Reviewer: Installed PostgreSQL in a version compatible with your target Managed PostgreSQL, with [pg_restore](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgrestore.html) (bundled with the default PostgreSQL installation).

Author: ```suggestion
- Installed PostgreSQL in a version compatible with your target Managed PostgreSQL, with [pg_restore](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgrestore.html) (bundled with the default PostgreSQL installation).
```
